More consistently describe where an annotation is allowed (#3927)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/inheritance.tex

    for i in 2:10 loop
      connect( // This comment does not impact syntactic equivalence.
        a[i],

>         b[2*i] /* Without white-space in the indexing expression. */ );

Reviewer: I was unsure if that was needed, and searched for "white-space vs whitespace" which gave:
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_character
- https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/382

And the CoPilot summary:

> Use "whitespace" as a single word in computing contexts and "white space" as two words in typography or general design.
> 
> Usage in Computing
> In programming and computer science, "whitespace" refers to characters that create blank space in text, such as spaces, tabs, and line breaks. These characters affect text layout but are not visible themselves, and the term is typically written as a single word when used attributively, for example, "whitespace character" or "remove whitespace from a string" 
> Standards like the HTML and CSS specifications consistently use "whitespace" to refer to these characters

(Later note: That summary wasn't fully correct, HTML talks about "whitespace", but CSS 2.1 discusses "white space" while the property is called "white-space". CSS 1 also had the property "white-space" - but discussed "whitespace". It could even be that hyphen in the property-name is to make it easier to discuss whitespace as a concept vs. the property white-space.)

Thus I think we might as well keep "whitespace".
```suggestion
        b[2*i] /* Without whitespace in the indexing expression. */ );
```
